README.md, before:

# _PROJECT NAME_

#### _SHORT DESCR_

#### By _**YOUR NAME HERE**_

## Description

_Long deiscription._

### Specs
| Spec | Input | Output |
| :-------------     | :------------- | :------------- |


## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _Install Git Bash_
* _Using a Terminal on desktop, user will need to type git init_
* _go to this repository and clone then Open in Desktop_
* _Will likely need Git for Desktop which can be found here: https://help.github.com/en/desktop/getting-started-with-github-desktop/installing-github-desktop_
* _Clone file to desktop from repo on github_
* _run index.html with web browser_
* _Other option is to go to Repository on git hub and download zip_
* _Retrieve zip file in downloads on computer and double click to unpack_
* _Find the project folder on desktop or downloads folder_
* _Run index.html with web browser

## Known Bugs

_ _
## Support and contact details

_Contact me at...._

## Technologies Used

_HTML_
_CSS_
_Bootstrap_
_JavaScript_
_JQuery_
_VSCode_

### License

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Copyright (c) 2020 **_Your name(s)_**

Commit message:

build the project and add some description info to the readme with first spec
Co-Authored-By: Teresa Rosinski <trosinski89@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# _The New Pandemic_

#### _A pandemic style board game built in 2 days, 6.29.20_

#### By _**Taylor Phillips and Teresa Rosinski**_

## Description

_This is a 2 day project at Epicodus to build a Pandemic style board game.  We practiced testing with Jest_

### Specs
| Spec | Input | Output |
| :-------------   | :------------- | :------------- |
| User will select a character class  |     |      |
| 


## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _Install Git Bash_
* _Using a Terminal on desktop, user will need to type git init_
* _go to this repository and clone then Open in Desktop_
* _Will likely need Git for Desktop which can be found here: https://help.github.com/en/desktop/getting-started-with-github-desktop/installing-github-desktop_
* _Clone file to desktop from repo on github_
* _run index.html with web browser_
* _Other option is to go to Repository on git hub and download zip_
* _Retrieve zip file in downloads on computer and double click to unpack_
* _Find the project folder on desktop or downloads folder_
* _Run index.html with web browser

## Known Bugs

_ _
## Support and contact details

_Contact me at...._

## Technologies Used

_HTML_
_CSS_
_Bootstrap_
_JavaScript_
_JQuery_
_VSCode_

### License

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Copyright (c) 2020 **_Taylor Phillips and Teresa Rosinski_**
